EC-84: Revise Configuration, Customers, eContent, Login and Logging (#5)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/econtent/econtent_features/indexing_econtent_data/indexing_econtent_data.md

# Indexing eContent data

If eZ Commerce is configured to use eContent as data provider, the following things have to be taken into consideration when indexing.

## Default indexing

> eContent data can be indexed using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eContent data can be indexed by executing the following command:
```

``` bash
php bin/console silversolutions:indexecontent
```

eContent Solr configuration uses two cores to keep search services available while indexing.

> This means that the indexer indexes eContent data in a back core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the indexer indexes eContent data in the back core,
```

> and then the indexer can be executed again with a swap parameters to swap the cores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and then the indexer can be executed again with a swap parameter to swap the cores.
```

|Indexer options|Results|
|--- |--- |

> |`-c 5000 -r --siteaccess=import`|`-c` specifies the chunk size, this is how many elements are indexed at a same time.</br>`-r` deletes all previous eContent data.</br>Important: the parameter `siteaccess=import` informs the indexer to take the product data from the temporary tables.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`-c 5000 -r --siteaccess=import`|`-c` specifies the chunk size (how many elements are indexed at a same time).</br>`-r` deletes all previous eContent data.</br>Important: the parameter `siteaccess=import` informs the indexer to take the product data from the temporary tables.|
```

|`--live-core`|Indexes directly on the live core (and not on the back core).</br>If you use `-r` and `--live-core`, the delete operation takes place before starting the indexer, so the full indexed content will not be available while indexing.|
|`swap`|Does not index, but swaps the cores instead.|

### Additional parameters

|||
|--- |--- |
|`siso_search.default.index_econtent_languages: [ ger-DE, eng-GB ]`|Specifies the languages to index.|
|`siso_search.default.solr_spellcheck: true`|Enables or disables Solr spellcheck (aka "Did you mean?" functionality)|

> |`siso_search.default.index_facet_fields:`|Since Solr string fields are lowercased, this configuration is used to specify an additional Solr `_id` field.</br>ID fields are not lowercased, giving as result facets that can preserve their original case.</br>The field name should be specified without the `_s` suffix.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`siso_search.default.index_facet_fields:`|Solr string fields are lowercased, therefore this configuration is used to specify an additional Solr `_id` field.</br>ID fields are not lowercased, which results in facets that can preserve their original case.</br>Field names must be specified without the `_s` suffix.|
```

## Custom indexing using plugins

eContent indexer also supports a plugin architecture for adding additional logic to the indexing process.

The plugin can index price ranges. Given a product price, it creates a range index based on that price.

> For example, if the price = $150 the output could be 100-200.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for the price of $150, the output can be 100-200.
```

In order to work the plugins must implement the `EcontentIndexerPluginInterface` interface.

> For additional information, see [Custom indexer plugin for eContent](../../econtent_cookbook/econtent_search_cookbook/custom_indexer_plugin_for_econtent.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Custom indexer plugin for eContent](../../econtent_cookbook/econtent_search_cookbook/custom_indexer_plugin_for_econtent.md)
```
